Custom profiling in kubectl debug feature blog (#46909)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2024-06-21-custom-profiling-kubectl-debug.md

provides a set of static profiles and each profile serves for a different kind of role. For instance, from the network administrator's point of view, 
debugging the node should be as easy as this:

```shell
$ kubectl debug node/mynode -it --image=busybox --profile=netadmin
```

On the other hand, static profiles also bring about inherent rigidity, which has some implications for some pods contrary to their ease of use.
Because there are various kinds of pods (or nodes) that all have their specific
necessities, and unfortunately, some can't be debugged by only using the static profiles. 

Take an instance of a simple pod consisting of a container whose healthiness relies on an environment variable:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: example-pod
spec:
  containers:
  - name: example-container
    image: customapp:latest
    env:
    - name: REQUIRED_ENV_VAR
      value: "value1"
```

Currently, copying the pod is the sole mechanism that supports debugging this pod in kubectl debug. Furthermore, what if user needs to modify the `REQUIRED_ENV_VAR` to something different
for advanced troubleshooting?. There is no mechanism to achieve this.

## Custom Profiling

> Custom profiling is a new flag, namely `custom`, introduced in kubectl debug to provide extensibility. It expects partial `Container` spec in either YAML or JSON format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom profiling is a new functionality available under `--custom` flag, introduced in kubectl debug to provide extensibility. It expects partial `Container` spec in either YAML or JSON format. 
```

Author: Thank you, committed.
